It's hard to test and edit bash scripts. It usually involves simultaneously
writing, running, cleaning up errors generated by broken logic, and repeating.
It would be nice to be able to do a "dry run" with the flip of a switch and see
that every call is working as expected. This project introduces a single file
with helper functions to help do this.

# Usage

First, you source the file and define the `DRY_RUN` and `VERBOSE` booleans:

    #/bin/bash
    source "bash-cli-utils/cli.h"
    VERBOSE=false
    DRY_RUN=false
    while getopts ":nv" opt; do
        case "${opt}" in
            n)
                DRY_RUN=true
                ;;
            v)
                VERBOSE=true
                ;;
            *)
                echo "Unrecognized option -${OPTARG}"
                exit 1
                ;;
        esac
    done
    shift $((OPTIND-1))
    
    # Here begins your command-line script logic

This introduces a few wrapper functions that you use throughout your script:

# Commands

1. `run` *command*

    This simply runs *command*. If the `DRY_RUN` switch is set, then the
    command simply gets echoed to standard output.
    
2. `debug` *message_string*
    
    This echoes the *message_string* only if the `VERBOSE` switch is set.

3. `create_empty` *filename*
    
    This creates an empty file at *filename*, or truncates it if it exists.

4. `redirect` *filename* *command*

    This appends the standard output of *command* to the specified *filename*.
    If the `DRY_RUN` switch is set, then the command just gets echoed to
    standard output.

See the included `example.sh` for an example of how this is used.

# License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
